ipv4 regex bug (#25365)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_31_77.md

#### Scripts

##### CommonServerPython

> - Fixed a bug where empty ip addresses were caught by IPV4Regex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where empty strings were caught by the IPv4 regex.
```
